here
alright so we're here at Bike Week 2009
and I understand there's new product you
have the dirt reducing this is the
ridemaster group communication system
for bike to bike communication in the
voiceless manner this unit on the left
is currently set up as the leader any
unit can be leader they're all identical
left-hand one is leader right now this
allows the leader to indicate two
trailing riders that we have pending
turns coming up in this case a
right-hand turn or perhaps a road hazard
beware
more importantly though it allows
communication from trailing Rogers up to
the lead writer which is often difficult
if not impossible to do three hand
signals for example if you had a bike at
the tail end of the line running low on
fuel in order to get the attention of
the lead bike that you need to stop for
fuel simple press of the fuel button
will show up on the leaders panel right
away lissa leader notices that the crest
to acknowledge now you'll see that the
fuel level is illuminated on all of the
units so everyone in the group knows
that the leader knows it will be
stopping for fuel you can do a similar
sort of basic request for things like
food break restroom break if you're
tired and need to pull over that's
important so that from a safety point of
view
riders don't push themselves to go
beyond their limits
they're tired simple aggressively
we'll get the leaders attention and the
group can pull over one of the important
features is the group separation but
this is the icon here in women's groups
separated that say for example of
someone must be caught at a red light
instead of rushing to make it through
the intersection simple press of that
button notify the leader that you're
being stranded at the light shows up on
his panel he can acknowledge now you
know that he knows the year to stop that
like bail pull over you don't need to
rush through the intersection that light
will also illuminate automatically
should you fall out of rain so there's
no panic to press that button the group
gets beyond you in your you fall out of
range that will automatically eliminate
the range on these units is 500 yards
from bike to bike but each unit relays
signals so
as each pair of bikes is within 500
yards of each other the group can
stretch out over many many miles in fact
up to 50 bikes can be chained together
in one group so literally you can have
miles between your lead bike and you're
trailing butter Stannis come packaged as
a kit including
the drive master and a ram mount existen
for bolting it to your bike instead of
badges to get you going they're
completely waterproof let me show you on
this one over here completely waterproof
they have seals keep water out so you
don't need to worry about putting it in
your pocket when it starts to rain
normally we'll run on two double-a cell
batteries and they'll last for days
literally days off optionally you can
wire it into the 12-volt system on your
bike either directly wired to the
battery or accessory circuit or there is
a cigarette lighter adapter as well
very cool what's the warrant